LPCPS is one of the most coveted colleges for admission for Degree Programs in the Northern India.
The institute brings together knowledge, research and industry experience in one place and confers upon its graduates, professional degrees which are recognized globally.

The professional degrees offered after the successful completion of the undergraduate programs are certified by UGC, the statutory body overseeing the running of universities and colleges in India.
The degrees are affiliated to the University of Lucknow, one of the oldest government owned institutions of Indian higher education.

LPCPS boasts of having eminent personalities from Industry background as well as academia background among its board.
Their experience and expertise in their respective domains was one of the main reasons why LPCPS attained its professional reputation in a short time.

Commitment to excellence is the top most priority of all the domains in the college – academia, training and skill development, placement cell, research wing, consultancy division are the most prominent among them.

The spectacular success achieved by the college in such a short time is the result of the foresight, exceptionally dynamic leadership and the able guidance of the visionary founder manager.

The highly talented and motivated team of professional educators and facilitators have made it their mission to make LPCPS one of the top most institutions in the field of professional education in the Asian continent.

LPCPS is established and managed by Lucknow Public Educational Society at Rajajipuram in the city of Lucknow. The society has made its name in the Indian subcontinent as a brand ambassador and a stalwart in the field of education. The strategic decision by the society to establish LPCPS as a sprawling campus in the posh and fast developed zone of Gomtinagar made sure that, the teachers and students are able to enjoy the huge lush green setting and a panoramic location in a peaceful and conducive environment.

VISION: Excellence for all, Excellence from all is the epitome of our academic eco-system. In a caring and positive environment, the college provides education to enrich its students to manifest their full potential, to achieve high standards of excellence in academic society, research and hands on projects as well as in supportive areas of physical, cultural and social development, inculcating civic and human values.

MISSION: To nurture individual talent to optimize their full potential and to inculcate professional, social and cultural values through holistic approach by providing world class education.